how can I enable (manual) coin control (#1466)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

## Coin Control Best Practices

### How can I enable (manual) coin control?

> The default [send workflow](using-wasabi/Send.md#how-to-send-bitcoin-step-by-step) uses the automatic coin selection algorithm, this is optimized in a way that "traditional" coin control is obsolete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default [send workflow](using-wasabi/Send.md#how-to-send-bitcoin-step-by-step) uses the automatic coin selection algorithm, which is optimized in a way that "traditional" coin control is obsolete.
```

However, the user can review which coins are selected, or select different coins using the (manual) coin control.

> This can be done by pressing the keyboard `alt` key at the Preview Transaction screen, which will bring up the _Review coins_ button to click on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done by pressing and holding the keystroke `alt` at the Preview Transaction screen, which will bring up the _Review coins_ button to click on.
```
